I DO THIS
MEETING OF THE ANN ARBOR
COMMISSION ON DISABILITY ISSUES
JUST SO EVERYBODY KNOWS THIS
MEETING WILL BE BROADCAST LIVE
ON GTN CABLE CHANNEL 16, AT&T
CHANNEL NINETY NINE AND ONLINE
AT EIGHT TO GUVS DOGS WATCH CTM
AND TO SPEAK AT PUBLIC COMMENT
PLEASE CALL TOLL FREE EIGHT
SEVEN SEVEN EIGHT FIVE THREE
FIVE TO FOUR SEVEN OR EIGHT
EIGHT EIGHT SEVEN EIGHT EIGHT
ZERO ZERO NINE NINE AND ENTER
THE MEETING AND NINE ONE NINE
EIGHT SIX SEVEN THREE ONE FOUR
FIVE FIVE.
WITH THAT I WILL LEAVE IT TO
KENNEDY TO BEGIN ROLL CALL
ALREADY VICE CHAIR KEILLER ALL
THIS CIRCULAR THAT I HEAR FROM
AND OVER IN MY NICE WARM
RECLINER THANK YOU CHAIR DAMON
.
YES, GOOD AFTERNOON EVERYONE.
THIS ZACH DAMON AND I'M COMING
TO YOU FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN.
>> WASHTENAW COUNTY
COMMISSIONER BOZAK COMMISSIONER
SOLOMON MATTHEW SOLOMON AND OUR
MICHIGAN COMMISSIONER HAWKINS
COMMISSIONER POLSTER,
COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON.
ALEX GOSSAGE CALLING FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
THANK YOU.
>> COUNCIL MEMBER GODSE ELLEN
COMMISSIONER RADCLYFFE GOOD
AFTERNOON.
COMMISSIONER RATCLIFFE CALLING
IN FROM ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> MITCHENER PACARD VISUALITY
PACARD ALL AGAIN COMING TO YOU
FROM SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
THEY I FEEL SO SORRY FOR YOU,
COMMISSIONER CHAMBERS
.
>> I THINK YOU WERE MUTED.
I COULDN'T HEAR YOU.
YEAH, WE COULDN'T HEAR YOU,
ELENA.
NO, I CAN'T HEAR YOU NOW I'M
FORTUNATELY NO PROBLEM.
NO PROBLEM.
WOLA WE'LL LET YOU SORT OUT
SORT OUT THE I MEAN YES.
>> YES ABSOLUTELY.
BUT MR. CHAMBERS IS HERE AND
COMMISSIONER MúSICA LOOKS LIKE
YOU JUST ARRIVED.
WE'RE JUST DOING ROLL CALL
COMMISSIONER.
>> YEP.
ALL RIGHT.
COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ CALLING
IN FROM ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR PATIENCE.
>> THANK YOU.
ABSOLUTELY.
WELCOME EVERYBODY ON THIS
CHILLY, CHILLY, CHILLY DAY.
MY GOODNESS.
I HOPE EVERYBODY IS STAYING
WARM FOR SURE.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, NEXT I WANTED TO OPEN UP
AS YOU GO AHEAD ON SAY PUBLIC
COMMENT.
YES.
THANK YOU.
I WANTED TO OPEN IT UP TO
YES.
PUBLIC COMMENT.
I WANTED TO OPEN IT UP TO
KENNEDY DO WE HAVE ANYBODY ON
PUBLIC COMMENT.
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT AT THIS TIME
KENNEDY DO WE HAVE ANYBODY ON
?
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT AT THIS TIME
>> AS OF RIGHT NOW STOP
?
EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT.
>> AS OF RIGHT NOW STOP
THANK YOU
.
I NEXT I'D LIKE TO GO AHEAD AND
MOVE ON TO THE APPROVAL
OF TODAY'S AGENDA.
ALL OF YOU SHOULD HAVE RECEIVED
THE COPY VIRTUALLY AND IT WAS
ALSO UPDATED UPLOADED EXCUSE TO
REGISTER IF YOU HAVE NOT
RECEIVED AN ELECTRONIC COPY
OF OUR AGENDA TODAY FOR REVIEW,
PLEASE LET US KNOW WHEN WE CAN
GET YOU A COPY NOW OTHERWISE IS
THERE I'D LIKE TO MAKE A MOTION
TO APPROVE TODAY'S AGENDA.
I'LL MOVE TO APPROVE.
ALL RIGHT.
LARRY MOVES TO APPROVE IS THERE
SECOND ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, KATHLEEN KATHLEEN
SECOND SONG IN FAVOR
OF APPROVING TODAY'S MEETING
AGENDA FOR THE 17TH OF JANUARY
ALL IN FAVOR PLEASE ON MUTE AND
SAY I HIGH.
ALL RIGHT.
THE AGENDA FOR TODAY IS
APPROVED.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH, EVERYONE.
I NEXT WE'RE GOING TO MOVE TO
THE APPROVAL OF THE MEETING
MINUTES IN DECEMBER ON ALL THE
MEETING MINUTES SHOULD BE SENT
OUT TO EVERYONE IN THERE SHOULD
ALSO BE A LINK TO THE MEETING
MINUTES IN THE AGENDA VIRTUALLY
IF YOU CHOOSE TO TO VIEW THEM.
BUT I WANTED TO KNOW ARE THERE
ANY ADDITIONS, ANY CORRECTIONS
TO THE MINUTES?
>> OK, DO NOT HEAR ANYTHING AT
THIS TIME SO I'D LIKE TO MAKE A
MOTION TO APPROVE THE MEETING
MINUTES
FROM OUR MEETING ON
DECEMBER 20TH.
TWENTY TWENTY THREE SECOND THAT
MOTION.
>> OK ROB YOU MOVE TO PROVE
YES.
THANK I'M SORRY I MOVED TO
APPROVE.
>> THAT'S OK THAT'S OK.
IS THERE A SECOND OF WALKING.
ALL RIGHT VICE CHAIRMAN SECOND
I'M ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING
THE MEETING MINUTES.
IT'S FROM DECEMBER 20TH.
TWENTY TWENTY THREE PLEASE ON
MUTE AND SAY I I I ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH EVERYONE
FOR APPROVING THE MINUTES NOW I
AM SO EXCITED I JUST WANTED TO
INTRODUCE A NEW COMMISSION
CANDIDATE TO OUR SESSION AND
THEN INTRODUCE TO YOU TODAY I
AM SO EXCITED TO INTRODUCE OUR
CANDIDATE.
WE HAVE A LURIE BUS ON THE LINE
AND I PLEASE EXCUSE ME IF I I
DID NOT SAY YOUR LAST NAME
CORRECTLY BUT PLEASE FEEL FREE
TO UNMUTED AND JUST GIVE A
LITTLE INTRODUCTION ABOUT
YOURSELF AND WHY YOU'RE
INTERESTED IN JOINING THE
COMMISSION AND THEN WE'D LOVE
TO HAVE YOU STICK AROUND FOR
THE MAJORITY OF THE MEETING BUT
THEN ONCE WE GET TO A CERTAIN
PORTION WE WILL HAVE YOU DEPART
.
BUT FOR THIS PORTION IF YOU
COULD JUST SAY GIVE AN
INTRODUCTION TO THE COMMISSION
THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
>> SURE.
THANK ZACH.
MY NAME IS LAURIE BEWES.
WE PRONOUNCE LIKE BUICK BUT
BEWES I'M SURE IT'S NOT A
CORRECT DUTCH PRONUNCIATION.
IN FACT I KNOW IT'S NOT BUT
THAT'S HOW MY HUSBAND'S FAMILY
HAS ALWAYS PRONOUNCED IT.
EXCUSE ME I AM AN ASSOCIATE
PROFESSOR IN THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN DEPARTMENT
OF FAMILY MEDICINE WHERE I AM
AFFILIATED WITH OUR DISABILITY
CENTER ON CAMPUS.
>> SORRY ABOUT THAT.
UM MY BACKGROUND IS IN
TELECOMMUNICATION AND
INFORMATION STUDIES AND I STUDY
DIGITAL HEALTH INTERVENTIONS
FOR CHRONIC DISEASE
SELF-MANAGEMENT FOR PEOPLE WHO
ARE EITHER COMING FROM
UNDERSERVED POPULATIONS,
POPULATIONS WITH GREAT HEALTH
DISPARITIES, PEOPLE WHO HAVE
BEEN SUFFERING FROM HIS
SYSTEMIC RACISM AND OTHER
ISSUES AGAIN PREDOMINANTLY IN
THE AREA OF CHRONIC DISEASE
SELF-MANAGEMENT.
I AM ALSO A CAREGIVER TO MY MOM
AND TO I HAVE WORKED WITH OTHER
PEOPLE IN MY FAMILY WHO ARE
PEOPLE WHO HAVE HAD BOTH VISION
AND PHYSICAL DISABILITIES AND
SO I AM INTERESTED IN TRYING TO
FIGURE OUT HOW I COULD HELP MY
COMMUNITY MORE AND THIS IS AN
AREA THAT I HAVE A LOT
OF INTEREST AND PASSION ABOUT.
SO THANK YOU FOR INVITING ME TO
JOIN TODAY AND I LOOK FORWARD
TO LISTENING IN ON THE MEETING
.
OK, THANK YOU SO MUCH AND I
APOLOGIZE FOR MISPRONOUNCING
LORI BEWES HIS NAME BUT I BEWES
FOLKS IS HOW YOU PRONOUNCE IT
CORRECTLY AND THANK YOU SO MUCH
LORI.
WE DO APPRECIATE HAVING YOU
TODAY.
>> THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
UP NEXT, I WANTED TO MOVE ON TO
THE SPECIAL PRESENTATION
PORTION OF OUR MEETING.
SO FIRST UP WE HAVE THE
WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND
AND THE PHYSICALLY DISABLED
MISS KADIM ON KABBAGE.
SO KATIE, WELCOME.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR HAVING
ME AS USUAL.
IT IS VERY GOOD TO BE HERE.
I AM GOING TO SHARE SOME
UPCOMING EVENTS WITH YOU THAT
ARE HAPPENING AT THE LIBRARY.
WE HAVE GETTING STARTED WITH
ELECTRONIC MUSIC ON SUNDAY,
JANUARY TWENTY FIRST FROM ONE
TO THIRTY PM THAT'S GOING TO BE
DOWNTOWN IN THE FOURTH OR
MEETING ROOM AND THIS EVENT IS
FOR TEENS AND ADULTS IF YOU
WANT TO GET STARTED LEARNING
ABOUT SYNTHESIZERS THIS IS THE
EVENT FOR YOU NORTHCOAST
MODULAR COLLECTIVE COLLECTIBLE
EXPLAIN HOW TO GET STARTED
PRODUCING WITH HARDWARE
SYNTHESIZERS IN A DIGITAL AUDIO
WORKSTATION OR WITH MODULAR
SYNTHESIZERS.
YOU CAN ALSO CONNECT TO THE
LOCAL COMMUNITY OF ELECTRONIC
MUSICIANS AND INSTRUMENT MAKERS
.
AND WE HAVE COMING UP THE
WASHTENAW READS BOOK DISCUSSION
FOR ADLE STAFF AND COMMUNITY
MEMBERS.
THE WASHTENAW READS BOOK THIS
YEAR IS HOW THE WORD IS PASSED
BY SMITH.
THIS CONVERSATION IS GOING TO
BE TAKING PLACE ON TUESDAY
JANUARY TWENTY THIRD FROM SIX
TO SEVEN P.M. AND THAT'S GOING
TO BE ON ZOOME SO JOIN THE ADL
STAFF FOR A DISCUSSION OF THIS
YEAR'S WASHTENAW READ TITLE HOW
THE WORD IS PASSED BY CLINT
SMITH.
AND THEN WE HAVE JUNCTURE.
THIS IS HAPPENING THURSDAY,
JANUARY 25TH FROM SIX THIRTY TO
SEVEN THIRTY PM AT THE WESKIT
BRANCH AND THIS EVENT IS
ACTUALLY FOR PRESCHOOLERS TO
ADULT WHICH IS SOMETHING THAT I
DON'T SEE VERY OFTEN THIS
LIBRARY.
SO I THOUGHT THAT WAS KIND
OF NEAT.
BUT THIS IS JOHN JOURNALLING
SCRAPBOOKING MARZIA LITTLE
SIBLING.
THE POINT OF A JUNK JOURNAL IS
TO FILL A JOURNAL WITH LITTLE
THINGS THAT MAKE YOU HAPPY AND
LIKE SCRAPBOOKING, THE FINAL
PRODUCT ISN'T FOR OTHERS TO
LOOK AT IN THE FUTURE.
IT'S ALL ABOUT MAKING SOMETHING
RIGHT NOW WITH WHAT YOU HAVE ON
HAND.
OF COURSE IF YOU LOVE WHAT
YOU'VE MADE, THERE'S NOTHING
STOPPING YOU FROM SHOWING IT
OFF.
JOIN US AT THE LIBRARY AND MAKE
A JOURNAL WITH ALL KINDS
OF JUNK STICKERS, DRAWINGS,
WASHI TAPE, INTERESTING PAPER,
PICTURES AND MUCH MORE.
YOU CAN BRING YOUR OWN JUNK OR
MAKE USE OF THE JUNK THAT WE
HAVE HERE TO TALK ABOUT SOME
MATERIALS THAT ARE CURRENTLY
AVAILABLE ON BAADE W ALBI
PATRONS MEMBERS OF THE
WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND
AND DISABLED CAN ORDER DIGITAL
CARTRIDGES AS USUAL BY CALLING
US AT SEVEN THREE FOUR THREE
TWO SEVEN FOUR TWO TO FOUR OR
SENDING US AN EMAIL AT W.L. BP
D ADL DOUG MANY PEOPLE ARE
SIGNING UP FOR THE BRAILLE AND
AUDIO READING SERVICE THESE
DAYS.
THAT'S PART OF THE SERVICE THAT
PEOPLE USE TO DOWNLOAD THEIR
OWN BOOKS TO LEARN MORE ABOUT
THAT YOU CAN GO TO AND I'LL BE
A R D ALOSI GRV OR JUST GIVE US
A CALL AND WE CAN HELP.
SO HERE ARE SOME BOOKS THAT YOU
CAN FIND RIGHT NOW ON BIRD
NUMBER ONE BEING THE WASHTENAW
READ HOW THE WORD IS PASSED A
RECKONING WITH THE HISTORY
OF SLAVERY ACROSS AMERICA BY
CLINT SMITH, THE AUTHOR TOURS
THE MONUMENTS AND LANDMARKS
THAT TELL THE STORY OF SLAVERY
CENTRAL ROLE IN SHAPING
AMERICA'S COLLECTIVE HISTORY
AND CULTURE.
HE EXPLORES HISTORICAL
PLANTATIONS, PRISONS, CEMETERY
HOLIDAYS AND ENTIRE
NEIGHBORHOODS REVEALING THEIR
TIES TO THIS PAINFUL ASPECT
OF AMERICA'S PAST AND PRESENT
AND ALSO LOST IN THOUGHT THE
HIDDEN PLEASURES OF AN
INTELLECTUAL LIFE BY ZENNA HITS
IN AN OVERLOADED, SUPERFICIAL
TECHNOLOGICAL WORLD IN WHICH
ALMOST EVERYTHING AND EVERYBODY
IS JUDGED BY ITS USEFULNESS.
WHERE CAN WE TURN FOR ESCAPE
LASTING PLEASURE CONTEMPLATION
OR CONNECTION TO OTHERS?
WHILE MANY FORMS OF LEISURE
MEET THESE NEEDS DENHA HITS
RIGHTS FEW EXPERIENCE ARE SO
FULFILLING THE INNER LIFE
OF EVENT OF A BOOKWORM AND
AMATERASU ANAMUR A BIRDWATCHER
OR SOMEONE WHO TAKES A DEEP
INTEREST IN ONE OF COUNTLESS
OTHER SUBJECTS DRAWING ON
INSPIRING EXAMPLES FROM
SOCRATES AND AUGUSTINE TO
MALCOLM X AND ALLENA FERRANTE
AND FROM FILMS TO HIT TO HIS
OWN EXPERIENCE AS SOMEONE WHO
WALKED AWAY FROM ELITE
UNIVERSITY LIFE IN SEARCH
OF GREATER FULFILLMENT LOST IN
THOUGHT IS A PASSIONATE AND
TIMELY REMINDER THAT RICH LIFE
IS A LIFE RICH IN THOUGHT.
AND THAT IS WHAT I HAVE YOU
TODAY.
>> DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS FOR ME?
>> OK.
THANKS EVERYBODY IS GOOD TO BE
HERE.
>> I ALWAYS APPRECIATE IT.
OH YEAH THANK YOU SO MUCH KATIE
AND GOOD LUCK WITH THAT
ELECTRONIC MUSIC INTRODUCTION.
THAT SOUNDS AWESOME.
I MEAN YOU KNOW DETROIT THE
FOUNDER AND THE HUB
OF ELECTRONIC MUSIC SO REALLY
AWESOME STUFF.
>> YEAH.
SHOULD BE FUN.
WE HAVE TO SEE SOME PEOPLE
THERE THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING THAT
YOU DO AND WE'LL SEE YOU SOON
HOPEFULLY.
>> ALL RIGHT.
BYE NOW.
BYE BYE.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, KATIE.
NEXT WE HAVE THE DISABILITY
NETWORK WASHTENAW MONROE AND
LIVINGSTON REPORT WITH ANDREA
HENRY.
>> ANDREA, WELCOME.
THANK YOU, ZACH.
THANKS EVERYBODY.
FOR HAVING ME TODAY.
I'M GOING TO FOLLOW IN HIS
FOOTSTEPS AND SHARE JUST A FEW
EVENTS THAT ARE HAPPENING AT
THE DISABILITY NETWORK IN THE
COMING WEEKS AND THEN OF COURSE
I ALWAYS ENCOURAGE FOLKS TO
CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE AND GIVE
US A CALL AND SUBSCRIBE TO OUR
NEWSLETTER AND ALL OF THOSE
GOOD THINGS BECAUSE I'M SURE
JUST AS QUICKLY AS I'M SHARING
A FEW THINGS HERE TODAY MY
COLLEAGUES ARE WORKING BEHIND
THE SCENES TO UPDATE THOSE AND
ADD TO THEM AND CREATE A LOT
MORE OPPORTUNITIES THAT I WON'T
BE ABLE TO HIGHLIGHT HERE TODAY
IN JUST A FEW MINUTES.
BUT DID WANT TO SHARE THAT WE
DO HAVE VIRTUAL THEATER ZOOM
HAPPENING ON THURSDAY IN THE
EVENING FROM FIVE THIRTY TO SIX
FORTY FIVE AGES 14 AND UP COME
MEET NEW FRIENDS LEARN ABOUT
THE ART OF THEATER PERFORMANCE
ACTING DANCING SINGING MOVEMENT
SKILL BUILDING ALL GOOD STUFF.
WE ARE ALSO HOLDING A
VALENTINE'S DAY DANCE FOR YOUNG
ADULTS WITH DISABILITIES AGES
14 TO TWENTY SIX.
THAT'LL BE ON FRIDAY
FEBRUARY
THE SIXTEENTH FROM SIX TO EIGHT
P.M. AND IN OUR OFFICE IT IS
FREE TO ATTEND BUT YOU MUST
REGISTER VIA THE WEBSITE.
YOU CAN FIND THAT INFORMATION
ON OUR WEBSITE OR GIVE OUR
OFFICE A CALL AND ASK TO SPEAK
WITH CHRISTINA EXPECTS DANCING,
CRAFTS, SNACKS.
THERE WILL BE AN OPPORTUNITY
FOR GUARDIANS AND PARENTS TO
STAY AND LEARN ABOUT OUR
PROGRAMS AND ARE AVAILABLE FOR
YOUNG ADULTS WITH DISABILITIES
AND FINALLY JUST WANTED TO
HIGHLIGHT A NEW PROGRAM THAT
WE'RE STARTING CALLED
COFFEE KLATCH THAT WILL BE ON
MONDAYS STARTING FEBRUARY 5TH
FROM NOON TO ONE AT ANN ARBOR
OFFICE.
AGAIN, IT'S JUST A CHANCE FOR
FOLKS TO GET TOGETHER TO SHARE
COFFEE SNACKS, GOOD
CONVERSATION AND ALL AGES AND
ABILITIES ARE WELCOME TO ATTEND
THAT AS WELL.
AGAIN, FOR MORE INFORMATION
ABOUT THESE AND OTHER EVENTS,
PLEASE VISIT OUR WEBSITE DENHA
AND WMO DOT ORG GIVE US A CALL
AT SEVEN THREE FOUR NINE SEVEN
ONE ZERO TO SEVEN SEVEN OR YOU
CAN SEND AN EMAIL TO INFO AT
THE END W.M. DOT ORG AND WE
WILL BE HAPPY TO GET YOU SIGNED
UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER OR
CONNECTED TO OUR WEBSITE
CALLANDER OR ANY OTHER PROGRAMS
OR SERVICES THAT YOU MIGHT BE
LOOKING FOR AND THAT'S ALL I
HAVE TODAY.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH TO ANDREA AND
EVERYONE THAT DISABILITY
NETWORK WASHTENAW MUNNERLYN
LEVINGSTON BY THE WAY FOLKS, IF
YOU'RE TWENTY SEVEN FORGET
ABOUT THAT DANCE JUST KNOW VERY
VERY AWESOME.
I HOPE THAT THE DANCE IS YOU
KNOW WELL ATTENDED AND THANK
YOU FOR ALL THE THINGS THAT YOU
GUYS DO AND YEAH OR FOR MORE
INFORMATION PLEASE FEEL FREE TO
CHECK OUT DISABILITY NETWORK
WASHTENAW MONROE LIVINGSTON
ONLINE.
THANK YOU ANDREA.
>> THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE HAVE OUR PARTNERS IN
ACCESS COMMITTEE REPORT WITH
MR. LARRY KEYLA LARRY WHO IS
WELL WELL I JOINED A MINUTE
LATE BUT I HAVE A DISCUSSION
ABOUT A WOMAN HAVING THE DENHA
SHE THINKS SHE'S BEEN DENIED
ACCESS FROM WCC FROM CLASSES
FOR SPECIAL SPECIAL
COMPENSATIONS SUCH AS HAVING A
ELECTRONIC DOOR OPENER AND
OTHER THINGS DUE TO HER BALANCE
USING THAT SORT OF THING AND
THE THE THE COMMUNITY COLLEGE
TOLD HER THAT THINGS WERE TOO
EXPENSIVE AND SO SHE'S BEEN
GOING THROUGH THE CITY TRYING
TO FIGURE OUT WHO CONTACT AND
WE IT WAS SUGGESTED THAT SHE
CONTACT CONTACT WITH PITTSBURGH
TO SEE IF THERE'S ANYTHING THAT
CAN HAPPEN.
AND COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE IS
GOING TO CHECK INTO WHAT THE
CENTER CAN DO FOR HER OVER
THERE.
AND THEN WE ALSO TALKED ABOUT
COMMISSIONER MOSAIC'S
SUGGESTION THAT I BROUGHT TO
THE TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
ABOUT PAYING DOING THE LINES
BETTER FOR HANDICAPPED PARKING
AND HAVING MORE HANDICAPPED
PARKING DOWNTOWN AND THAT'S
WHERE WE WERE ONE OF THE OTHER
PIECES OF THAT THAT I FORGOT.
>> COMMISSIONER DAYM,
COMMISSIONER GAVAGE, THANK YOU
SO MUCH.
I DO SEE THAT COMMISSIONER
GOSSAGE HAS HIS HAND RAISED
ALEX YEAH.
>> THANKS ZACK.
I JUST WANT TO LET FOLKS KNOW I
DID REACH OUT TO SOME CONTEXT
OF MINE WCC AND THEY ARE
LOOKING INTO CONNECTING WITH
THE FACILITIES FOLKS OVER THERE
TO SEE KIND OF WHAT WAS THE
STOP OR WHAT'S THE ISSUE FOR
PREVENTING THEM FROM GOING
AHEAD AND INSTALLING AN
ACCESSIBLE DOOR IN THIS
PARTICULAR AREA.
IT SHOULDN'T BE ANYTHING THAT'S
REALLY TERRIBLY COST
PROHIBITIVE BUT WAITING TO FIND
OUT MORE INFORMATION SO
HOPEFULLY HERE MORE THIS WEEK
AND WE'LL GET BACK WITH
EVERYBODY ONCE THERE'S SOME WAY
TO MOVE FORWARD.
>> THANK YOU.
ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE
FOR THOSE EFFORTS AND FOR THAT
REPORT AND THANK YOU, LARRY AS
WELL.
AND I ALSO WANT TO THANK TRACY
BYRD FOR CONNECTING US WITH
THAT INDIVIDUAL AND HOPEFULLY
WE'RE PROVIDING YOU KNOW, THAT
THAT RESIDENT WAS SOME SORT
OF PEACE OF MIND AND HOPEFULLY
WE CAN ASSIST.
THANK YOU.
OK, NEXT WE HAVE THE COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT COMMITTEE REPORT
WITH COMMISSIONER RACHEL
HAWKINS.
HI EVERYONE.
SO I DON'T HAVE A LOT TO REPORT
THIS MONTH I DID RECEIVE AN
UPDATE FROM MELISSA BONDIE
ABOUT ANN ARBOR INCLUSIVE.
SO THEY ARE FILMING THEIR NEW
EPISODE THIS MONTH.
SO THERE ISN'T ONE PREMIERING
THIS MONTH.
SO WE'LL HAVE MORE INFORMATION
GOING INTO OUR FEBRUARY MEETING
ABOUT WHEN THAT WILL BE AIRING
.
AWESOME.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, RACHEL, FOR
ALL YOUR HELP WITH COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT AND YOU KNOW,
CONTINUED CONTINUING TO KEEP US
INFORMED ABOUT THE HAPPENINGS
OF ANN ARBOR INCLUSIVE ALL THE
OTHER COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
AND YOU KNOW BIG SHOUT OUT TO
TOM HOGLAN, THE HOST OF THE ANN
ARBOR INCLUSIVE AS WELL AS
LINDA EVANS AND EVERYONE AT AN
EVENT FOR GREAT WORK.
THANK YOU.
OK, NEXT WE'RE GOING TO MOVE
DOWN TO OUR RECRUITING ACTIVITY
WITH MR. VICE CHAIRMAN LARRY
KEELER.
LARRY, THE FLOOR IS YOURS YET
AGAIN.
>> I AM HERE AGAIN AS YOU SEE
WE'RE STILL DOING THIS TO
ACTIVITIES AND WE OF COURSE THE
FRUITS OF THAT ARE THE
INTERVIEW TODAY THAT WE'VE HAD
AND THERE'S A POSSIBLE
INTERVIEW COMING UP NEXT MONTH.
SO WE'VE HAD WE'VE TALKED AND
INTERVIEWED A COUPLE
OF CANDIDATES WHO ARE RUNNING
INTO A COMMISSION AND WE'RE
STILL OPEN FOR ANY OTHER
APPLICATIONS.
>> SO I FORGOT THE THE WEBSITE
YOU HAVE TO GO TO BUT JUST LET
THE MAYOR'S OFFICE KNOW THAT
YOU'RE INTERESTED AND THEY'LL
SEND YOU A PAPER FORM OR YOU
CAN SIGN UP ONLINE BUT SO FAR
WE'VE GOT IF BOTH OF THESE
COMMISSIONERS ARE ACCEPTABLE,
THESE POTENTIAL COMMISSIONERS
ARE ACCEPTED.
WE HAVE A FULL COMMISSION
THERE.
WE'LL SEE.
>> ALL RIGHT.
WELL, WONDERFUL WORK BY OUR
RECRUITING ACTIVITY COMMITTEE
AND VICE CHAIRMAN KEELER, THANK
YOU VERY MUCH.
BUT LARRY, PLEASE DON'T GO
ANYWHERE BECAUSE THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
UPDATE IS NEXT.
>> SO WE WE NEED YOU FOR THAT.
I'M STILL HERE.
WELL, AS THE MEETING STARTED
BEFORE I WAS ON, I ASKED
COMMISSIONER HAAS AND I FORGET
HIS LAST COMMISSION THERE
ANYWAY FOR THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION ABOUT THE ABOUT THE
CITY HALL AND PARKING ISSUES
THAT PRESSURE MOSAIC BROUGHT UP
.
THEY SAID THEY WERE THE RIGHT
FOLKS TO BRING IT TO AND SO I'M
HOPING TO HEAR FROM THEM.
I HAVEN'T HEARD FROM THEM YET
BUT I WILL REMIND THEM THIS
MONTH AND I'VE ALSO BEEN
COUNSEL BEEN BROUGHT TO MY
ATTENTION THAT IF IT DOES GO
THROUGH THERE I MAY ALSO
CONTACT
OUR ACCESS COORDINATOR
CHRIS BYRNE AND TRY TO GET SOME
MORE DONE ON THAT BECAUSE IF I
FIND STAND THAT CORRECT THE THE
LINES WHERE THE PARKING SPACES
WEREN'T WELL FIND AT CITY HALL
AND COMMISSIONER HAVE IN
PARTICULAR KNEW EXACTLY WHAT I
WAS TALKING ABOUT AND SO HE'S
LIKE I SAID, HE'S GOING TO DO
THE RESEARCH ON THAT AND IF NOT
I'LL BRING IT UP TO OUR
COORDINATOR TO SEE WHERE THAT
GOES AND THEN THEN WE WENT FOR
PUBLIC COMMENT AND THERE WAS A
LOT OF TALK ABOUT CROSSWALKS
NEEDING CROSSWALKS OFF
AIRPLANES STADIUM IN PARTICULAR
AND METRO BACON MAPLE BACON
BECAUSE OF THE STUDENTS GOING
DOWN THE IN HIGH SCHOOL AND OUR
AND AND ELEMENTARY SCUSE ME.
I KNOW MY KID WENT THERE TOO
BUT IN THE CROSSWALKS ARE THE
SOME OF THE CROSSWALK AREAS.
THEY ALSO NEED SOME IMPROVED
LIGHTING AND THEN WE DISCUSSED
OUR POLICY AGENDA AND THEY'RE
GOING TO ALSO THERE'S SOMETHING
ABOUT A STATE THE STATE FOR THE
TRANSPORTATION COCKIEST AND
WITH WORK PLANS FOR
TRANSPORTATION, THAT SORT
OF THING AND WORK PLAN WE HAVE
APPROVED MILLER'S PLAN THAT
WE'RE WORKING WITH FOR THE TO
RIDE AND THAT ATX APEX BUS RIDE
IS GOING TO START THERE'S GOING
TO BE AT LEAST ONE EXPRESS OUT
FROM DOWNTOWN THE NUMBER OF THE
NUMBER FOUR FROM DOWNTOWN ANN
ARBOR AND IT'S GOING TO STOP AT
ARBEL AND IT'S GOING TO STOP AT
CTC WHICH IS ON THE U OF M
CAMPUS AND IT'S GOING TO STOP
DOWNTOWN IF THAT'S THE ONLY
FOUR STOP IN TO EXPRESS OUR
REPORT THAT'S COMING UP THAT
WE'VE BEEN KNOWN ABOUT COMING
UP FOR A WHILE AND THEN IN
AUGUST THERE'S GOING TO BE THEY
WANT TO INCREASE SERVICE IN
AUGUST AND INCREASE THEIR
SERVICE AND EXTEND THEIR HOURS
IN INCREASED FREQUENCY WITH
FLEX RIDE AND THEN THEY'LL BE
WHAT IS THIS WILL BE EXTENSIONS
?
NO.
OH NO.
AND SO FAR NO CHANGES TO A RIDE
SERVICE AND OUR CRASH REPORT
DATA STELLER'S IS BEING LOOKED
AT.
>> WE HAVE THEY'RE LOOKING AT
THE THE DESTRY AND CRASHES
BICYCLE AND MOTOR VEHICLE
CRASHES THE MOST CRASHES,
CRASHES OCCUR IN THE LATE
EVENING AND STILL PEDESTRIAN
BUT STILL AS A PEDESTRIAN AND
VEHICLE CRASHES ARE RISING
AND
THE BIGGEST ISSUE IS ITSELF
FAIRLY IS TO YIELD IS WHAT'S
CAUSING THE BIGGEST ISSUE THAT
OUR ANNUAL REPORT DISCUSSION I
THINK WE'RE GOING TO APPROVE AT
NEXT MONTH AND THEN THERE'S
THERE'S GOING TO BE A LARGE
DEVELOPMENT DOWNTOWN.
THEY'RE GOING TO DO A LOT
OF DIFFERENT THINGS DOWNTOWN.
>> THEY'RE GOING TO PUT IN SOME
BY BIKE LANES THE BEST WAY TO
BIKE LANES AND CHANGE THEM INTO
A TWO WAY STREET DIVISION AND
SO SOME OTHERS IN ONE WAY
STREETS POTENTIALLY MELTED OFF
A FEW AREAS DOWNTOWN AND BIKE
LOOPS AND ALL KINDS
OF INTERESTING THINGS.
STAY TUNED FOR THAT.
THANK YOU AGAIN
, ACKERSON.
>> SURE.
GO AHEAD.
OK, IN THE COMING MONTHS I THE
ROSS AND BILL BOTH HAD BEEN
CLOSED A COUPLE OF FEW YEARS
AGO.
I UNDERSTAND I JUST WONDERED IF
THAT WAS SOMETHING THAT THEY
WOULD WANT TO EXAMINE REOPENING
IN THE FUTURE BECAUSE I KNOW
THERE'S A WIDE COVERAGE AREA
THAT HAS TO WALK SOMETIMES A
COUPLE OF MILES TO GET TO THE
NEAREST BUS STOP FROM THAT AREA
AFTER THAT CLOSED.
SO I JUST THOUGHT I'D JUST
CHECK AND SEE OR PUT THAT OUT
THERE NOT AS FAR AS I KNOW BUT
I COULD BRING THAT UP TO SUSAN
AND ASK IS IT OK JUST FOR THE
OLD KMART AND I THINK IT WAS
CLOSED ABOUT THREE OR TWO OR
THREE YEARS AGO MAYBE AND SO I
JUST HAD TALKED WITH SOME FOLKS
IN THE AREA THERE THAT KNOW
THERE WAS A TIME WHEN I WAS
STAYING IN THAT AREA AND COULD
NOT GET A FLEX RIDE AND I HAD
TO WALK TO THE NEXT CLOSEST BUS
STOP WHICH WAS OH I FORGET THE
NAME OF THE BUS STOP BUT IT'S I
PRETTY MUCH HAD TO WALK ALMOST
HALFWAY TO THE UPSY TRANSIT
CENTER WHICH CAME UP TO TWO OR
THREE A COUPLE OF MILES IN THE
RAIN.
>> AND I SAID WHEN THAT ONE
WOULD HAVE BEEN CLOSER I
COULDN'T POSSIBLY FIND OUT FOR
IT BECAUSE I DO KNOW THAT SOME
OF THE BUS STOPS THAT THEY HAVE
CLOSED AND COVERED FOR EXAMPLE,
THE ONE THAT WENT OUT TO MARK
JACKSON, FOR EXAMPLE, WAS
CLOSED FOR A WHILE AND THAT'S
BEEN REOPENED OK LAST I HEARD
THAT ONE AND THAT IS THE ONE
THAT I'M TALKING ABOUT GREAT
MEMORY.
YOU HAVE THE RUSSELLVILLE ROAD
BY OLD KMART AREA THERE.
THERE'S SEVERAL SHOPS THERE
THAT ARE OPEN AND THAT'S
EXACTLY THE ONE ROSABELLE ROAD
AREA I'M PRETTY SURE IT WAS
STILL CLOSED LAST TIME BUT
APPRECIATE IT.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH, LARRY.
NOT A PROBLEM.
KATHLEEN, YOU HAVE A GO AHEAD
AND YOU I ACTUALLY WANT TO GIVE
A QUICK RESPONSE TO ROB WITH
REGARDS TO YOUR CONCERN.
I LUXFORD HAS BEEN EXPERIENCING
ISSUES OUT THERE.
I'M NOT SURE IF THEY'RE LOOKING
AT EXPLORING PUTTING THAT ROUTE
BACK IN.
HOWEVER, WHILE BRINGING THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION AND
HAVING LARRY DISCUSS THAT.
I THINK THAT A BETTER OPTION
ALSO IS TO PUT THE RIDE
DIRECTLY IN THE LOOP.
THERE ARE CUSTOMER FORMS.
THERE ARE PHONE NUMBERS THAT
YOU CAN CALL TO AIR YOUR
CONCERNS AND ASK YOUR QUESTIONS
MORE DIRECTLY TO THE AUTHORITY
ITSELF.
>> I ALSO WANT TO THROW OUT
THERE THAT THERE IS PARATRANSIT
AVAILABLE AND I BELIEVE IN THAT
AREA.
I DON'T KNOW IF THAT'S
SOMETHING THAT YOU THOUGHT
OF OF EXPLORING FOR YOURSELF
BUT IT MAY MAY HELP WITH WITH
THAT AND I WILL FLEX MIMICS THE
FIXED ROUTE AND FLEX IS
SUPPOSED TO BE AVAILABLE WHEN
YOU CALL THAT DAY PARATRANSIT
DIFFERENT, YOU HAVE ONE TO
THREE DAYS AHEAD OF THE
SCHEDULE TO MAKE YOUR RIDE.
I DON'T KNOW IF THOSE WOULD BE
BENEFICIAL TO YOU BUT AGAIN I
WOULD URGE YOU TO SHARE YOUR
CONCERNS AND YOUR THOUGHTS WITH
THE RIDE DIRECTLY SO THAT THEY
CAN GIVE YOU A MORE DIRECT
RESPONSE VERSUS GOING THROUGH
THE TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
WHICH DOESN'T REALLY SPEAK
DIRECTLY TO THE AUTHORITY.
>> KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
OK, YES I HAVE CALLED THEM BUT
I'LL GIVE THEM A CALL AGAIN AND
CHECK AND SEE WHEN THERE'S A
OPPORTUNITIES FOR YOU KNOW,
REQUEST.
>> AND ALSO I'D LIKE TO MAKE A
SUGGESTION TO YOU ON ANY OF THE
COMMISSIONERS THE I THINK I
RAISED THIS BACK IN DECEMBER
THAT THE LOCAL ADVISORY COUNCIL
FOR SENIORS AND PERSONS WITH
DISABILITY IS LOOKING FOR NEW
MEMBERS.
AND ROB, THAT MAY BE SOMETHING
YOU MIGHT WANT TO CONSIDER
MAYBE IF YOU DON'T WANT TO JOIN
OR AT LEAST POPPING IN FOR
PUBLIC COMMENT AND SHARING
THOSE COMMENTS.
I KNOW A LOT OF TIMES DURING
THOSE MEETINGS WE HAVE OUR
STAFF INVOLVED.
SO YOU MAY HAVE GEORGE BROOKS
WHO DOES FIXED YOU ROBERGE
WILLIAMS WHO IS THE MANAGER
OF THE PAIR TRANSIT DIVISION AS
WELL AS OTHER FOLKS WHO ATTEND
THOSE MEETINGS.
AND SO YOU WOULD HAVE A MORE
DIRECT CONDUIT AT THAT TIME.
THERE ARE MEETINGS ARE HELD THE
SECOND TUESDAY OF EVERY MONTH
WE ASSUME AT ONE THIRTY FROM
ONE P.M. TO THREE P.M. SO THAT
MAY BE ANOTHER REALLY GOOD
AVENUE TO HAVE YOUR VOICE HEARD
AND THANK YOU.
>> OH, YOU'RE WELCOME TO YOU.
THERE'S NO BUT YOU'RE WELCOME
TO SEND ME AN EMAIL WITH MORE
INFORMATION OR REACH OUT.
I'D LOVE TO GET MORE INVOLVED
WITH AND AND I AGREE WITH FLUX
RIGHT WHEN YOU CALL IF YOU CALL
EARLY ENOUGH AND A RIDE PRETTY
MUCH EVEN FROM THAT AREA IT
DOES HELP IF YOU PLAN AHEAD ONE
DAY I HAD THOSE ARE GREAT
OPTIONS.
I AGREE WITH YOU THERE AND FEEL
FREE TO GET MORE INFORMATION TO
ME ANYTIME YOU LIKE.
>> THANK YOU.
OK, SOUNDS A THANK YOU AND
THANK YOU COMMISSIONER
MOZELIAK.
>> I DIDN'T WANT STEP ON YOUR
TOES FOR THAT RIGHT NOW NOT
BEING PART OF THAT LOCAL
ADVISORY COMMITTEE OR ANYTHING
I DIDN'T WANT TO OVER SPEAK YOU
KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
>> WELL ENFOLDS THANK YOU FOR
THE COMMISSION.
>> I SIT ON THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS FOR THE
ANNIVERSARY TRANSFER.
YEAH, I KNOW YOU AND SO LARRY
KNOWS THAT I WASN'T SURE IF
OTHERS WERE AWARE AND THAT'S
WHY I WAS I FELT A LITTLE BIT
MORE COMFORTABLE, ROB, TO SHARE
THAT INFORMATION WITH YOU JUST
AS A JUST AS A HOPEFULLY IT WAS
HELPFUL.
>> I'M NOT A VOLUNTEER.
YOU SAID THAT YOU VOLUNTEERED
YOURSELF AND YOU'RE SPEAKING
OF THE SEA.
I WILL BE OUT THERE AGAIN IN
OCTOBER .
I THINK AT LEAST I APPLY AGAIN.
I THINK THAT I HAVE ME I THINK
I DID GOOD WORK WITH THEM SO
YEAH.
>> MIRACULOUS WELL I JUST HAD A
QUICK QUESTION FOR THE MEETING
NOTES FOR MEETING IS IT
POSSIBLE TO PUT A LINK TO THAT
A A T A PAGE WITH THE
APPLICATION INFORMATION I'M
SURE COMMISSIONER MOSAD ARE YOU
ABLE TO SEND THAT INFORMATION
TO ME AND I'M ABLE TO ADD THAT
AND YES, I WILL GO ON THEIR
WEBSITE.
I KNOW THAT THEY HAVE SEVERAL
SO THERE IS A ON THE RIG THERE
IS AN AREA THAT TALKS ABOUT
LEADERSHIP AND ON THAT PAGE IS
THE LOCAL ADVISORY COUNCIL.
IT SHARES WHAT THE COUNCIL'S
ABOUT HOW TO APPLY THEIR
DOCUMENT LIKE THERE.
AND SO KENNEDY IF I DON'T GET
THAT TO YOU TODAY, I'LL HAVE IT
BY END OF BUSINESS TOMORROW.
THAT'S PERFECT.
AND WHAT I'LL DO INSTEAD IS AS
A FOLLOW UP FROM TODAY'S
MEETING ONCE YOU SEND THAT OVER
TO ME, I'LL JUST EMAIL THAT OUT
TO THE FULL COMMISSION SO THEY
HAVE THAT INFORMATION.
THANK YOU.
SO I COULD I CAN ALSO SEND A
LINK TO THAT TO YOU,
COMMISSIONER REDCLIFF.
>> OH, THANKS.
I JUST THOUGHT THE YOU KNOW,
FOR WHOEVER READS THE MEETING
NOTES IF THEY WERE INTERESTED
IT MIGHT BE EASIER TO JUST HAVE
SOMETHING TO CLICK ON FOR THEM.
>> BUT THAT WAS ALL THAT WOULD
GET SAID.
OK, WELL THANK YOU FOR ALL
THAT.
ARE THERE ANY OTHER ADDITIONAL
QUESTIONS FOR LARRY TIME.
OK, MOVING ON, WE HAVE THE
REPORT FROM THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN COUNCIL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS MEETING
UPDATE WITH COMMISSIONER SELMAN
.
>> THE FLOOR IS YOURS MATTHEW.
EVERYBODY LET ME PULL UP MY
NOTES FROM OUR LATEST CFTC
MEETING.
FORGIVE MY DELAY
.
>> MY NOTES ARE PRESENTLY
INACCESSIBLE.
IS IT OK IF I PROVIDE THEM
AFTER THE MEETING?
YEAH, SURE.
THAT'S FINE.
>> BE ACCEPTABLE AND I'LL HAVE
THEM ENTERED IN THE RECORD.
>> MY APOLOGIES.
NO NO THAT'S OK.
THANK YOU.
>> I'M MOVING ON.
WE HAVE THE ORGANIZATIONAL
EQUITY UPDATE WITH TRACY BYRD,
TRACY MORGAN.
GOOD AFTERNOON BY THE WAY.
AM I I APOLOGIZE MY I'M HAVING
DIFFICULTIES WITH MY CAMERA
RECEIVER STABILITY COORDINATOR
SAID I SAID WE'VE BEEN TALKING
ABOUT THE CITY AND A COUPLE
OF THINGS.
ONE I WILL BE SENDING OUT I CAN
SEND OUT ALL COMMISSIONERS OR
TO STAFF AND THEN IF YOU WANT
PASS ALONG THE SMART AS PART
OF THE BICENTENNIAL YOU CAN
ACTUALLY GO ONLINE AND FOLLOW
TOURS ONLINE THAT I WANTED TO I
WANTED PEOPLE TO BE ACAMPROSATE
FOR SENSIBILITY FOR THOSE
TOURS.
SO BUT I AND ALL OF THE
INFORMATION LIKE I SAID, I CAN
SEND YOU FIVE OR SURE.
YES.
TRACY, THIS IS IF YOU CAN HEAR
ME PLEASE FEEL FREE TO SEND ME
THAT INFORMATION ABOUT THAT TO
THE ABOUT THE BICENTENNIAL AND
I'M HAPPY TO SEND IT TO THE
FULL COMMISSION AND TO ANYONE
WHO WOULD LIKE THAT INFORMATION
GO WONDERFUL.
I WILL PASS THAT ALONG EMAIL
BACK TO YOU SHORTLY.
A COUPLE OF THINGS THAT WE'VE
BEEN GIVING HERE.
I STARTED TAKING PHYSICAL
CHORES AND DOING ACCESSIBILITY
FOR OUR POLLING LOCATIONS, JUST
DOING ALL THINGS LOOKING AT
ACCESSIBILITY FROM THE
STANDPOINT OF PUBLIC
TRANSPORTATION AND GATHERING
NOTES FOR THAT AND AND THEN I
WANT TO PASS ALONG IT'S
SOMETHING THAT I JUST CAME
ACROSS THAT I WANTED TO SHARE
WITH THE COMMISSION THAT THE
CENTER FOR DISABILITY THEM
CENTER FOR DISABILITY HEALTH
AND WELLNESS HAS A DISABILITY
EQUITY BOOK CLUB AND THEY THEY
MEET MONTHLY IT IS OF IS A VERY
I JUST PARTICIPATED LAST WEEK
AND IT'S A GREAT DISCUSSION.
THEY'RE READING THE BOOK
DEMYSTIFYING DISABILITY BY
EMILY LAGU.
YOU PROBABLY MISPRONOUNCE HIS
NAME BUT I JUST WANTED TO THROW
THAT OUT BECAUSE THAT'S I I
ENJOYED THE DISCUSSION AND I
WANTED TO FOLLOW UP ON MR.
KEILLOR WHAT YOU STATED IN THE
PERSON WHO I'M GLAD THAT THAT
INDIVIDUAL FOLLOWED UP WITH YOU
REGARDING THAT YOU HAVE MANY
CONVERSATIONS WITH THAT
INDIVIDUAL SO I'M GLAD THAT
THEY DID REACH OUT AND I ALSO
DID I JUST LOOKED AT MY EMAILS
THIRTEEN DAYS AGO.
I DID ALSO FOLLOW UP AGAIN A
FOLLOW UP WITH AN INDIVIDUAL
HERE IN THE CITY REGARDING THE
ADVANCED PARKING LOT.
SO THAT'S ON MY MY LIST AS
WELL.
SO WE'LL JUST KEEP WELL WE'LL
BOTH BE LONG AND SO WE WE GET A
NAME AND THEN THE LAST THING I
WANT TO SAY IS THAT WE ARE OUR
OFFICE IS MOVING FORWARD.
WE JUST SAID THIS AND THIS IS
MORE OF AN INTERNAL THING.
THE CITY SUBMITTED AN UPDATED
POLICY FOR ACCOMMODATIONS FOR
EMPLOYEES TO MAKE IT MORE
STREAMLINED PROCESS.
SO NOT ONLY ARE WE OUT AND
ABOUT BUT ALSO DOING SOME
INTERNAL THINKING.
OH, ONE LAST THING BECAUSE I'M
A WRITER TOO I DON'T KNOW IF
ANYBODY WRITES NUMBER TWENTY OR
THAT IS CHANGING ALSO IN AUGUST
IT WILL NO LONGER GO ALL THE
WAY TO TRANSIT CENTER.
IT'S A CONNECTOR BETWEEN ST.
JOE'S AND EVERYWHERE WITH SO IF
ANY OF YOU RIDE THE ROUTE
NUMBER TWENTY FOUR KEEP AN EYE
ON THAT.
SO THAT WAS JUST A SIGN
OF THANK YOU TRACY.
MAY I ASK WHY THE ADJUSTMENT IN
THAT PARTICULAR ROUTE I'M NOT
QUITE SURE OF BECAUSE I DIDN'T
GO TO PUBLIC COMMENT I MEANT TO
THEM UNFORTUNATELY I GOT BUSY
AND DIDN'T GET THERE BUT I
GENERALLY SPEAKING ANY OF THE
THE ROUND NUMBER TWENTY FOUR
THEY CHANGED IT WHEN THE
PANDEMIC HAD THEY SUSPENDED
THAT WHEN THEY BROUGHT IT BACK
IT CHANGED A BIT AND DID NOT
GIVE THE SAME COURSE AND I
THINK NOW THEY THEY REVAMPED IT
A BIT HOWEVER IT'S JUST NOT
RUNNING OFFICIAL I'M GUESSING
THAT IS MY GUESS MY OPINION BUT
THERE IS A CONNECTOR IT IS A
BETTER CONNECTION WITH A ROUTE
NO ONE OR ROUTE NUMBER SIX.
SO IT WILL STILL GO UP AROUND
WHERE IS NOW ALONG MAIN STREET
TO FOLKS IN NORTH KOREA.
IF I SAY MOTIVATED AND THEN
WE'LL GO BACK TO THE MALL SO
WE'RE STILL SERVICE TOWERS IN
BROOKHAVEN BUT THEN YOU WILL
INSTEAD OF HAVING THAT LONG
WAIT AT BRIARWOOD MALL YOU CAN
CONNECT WITH SIX AND THEN GET
DOWNTOWN VERY EASILY
UNDERSTOOD.
THANK YOU.
AND A QUICK QUESTION FOR YOU IF
YOU DON'T MIND, TRACY, COULD
YOU LET THE FULL COMMISSION
KNOW THANK YOU FOR YOUR WORK
AND EVERYTHING THAT YOU'RE
DOING BUT COULD YOU LET THE
COMMISSION KNOW TO YOU KNOW
WHEN THERE'S AN INVITATION FOR
COMMISSIONERS TO COME OUT TO
THOSE POLLING SITES THAT ARE
BEING DEVELOPED AND WHEN
POSSIBLY WE CAN HAVE AN
OPPORTUNITY TO ALSO VIEW THEM?
YES.
RIGHT NOW THE ONES THAT I'M
JUST LOOKING AT ARE THE ONES
THAT ARE ALREADY POLLING
LOCATIONS THAT ARE THAT HAVE
ALREADY BEEN THERE.
SO THEY'RE NOT THESE ARE NOT
THE NEW POLLING OR ANY NEW
POLLING SITES.
THIS WAS JUST MY OWN CURIOSITY
ON HOW ACCESSIBLE THEY ARE THE
BUILDINGS THEMSELVES.
I WASN'T I'M NOT ABLE TO GET
THEM TO BUT I WANTED TO LOOK AT
IT FROM A STANDPOINT FROM
TRANSPORTATION FOR INDIVIDUALS
WHO RELY ON PUBLIC
TRANSPORTATION AND NOW THEY'RE
GETTING THEIR SIDEWALKS AND
THINGS OF THAT NATURE.
BUT YES, I HAVE STATED IF I
HAVE STAYED AT ONCE I'VE STATED
IT MANY TIMES CAN YOU AS WELL
AS TO MICHAEL WHEN ANY DECISION
IS MADE?
I'M GOING TO BE KODAI AS
OPPOSED TO STAND BESIDE ME AND
IN FRONT OF ME TO GUIDE THE WAY
BECAUSE I CAN'T DO MY JOB
WITHOUT IF YOU IN THAT THAT
THAT MATTERS SO.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU TRACY.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
AND NOW ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU FOR THE CLARIFICATION
ON THE CURIOSITY THERE FOR THE
EXISTING POLLING PLACES AND
MAKING SURE THAT THOSE POLLING
PLACES ARE ACCESSIBLE WITH
PUBLIC TRANSIT.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE HAVE THE CITY PERSONNEL
REPORT WITH KENNEDY.
HI EVERYONE.
I HOPE YOU ARE DOING WELL AND
ARE STAYING WARM.
I KNOW IT'S COLD OUTSIDE.
THE ONLY BRIEF UPDATE THAT I
HAD IS I KNOW THE LAST TIME WE
MET WE WERE STILL IN SEARCH
OF A POLICE CHIEF BUT THAT
SEARCH HAS BEEN COMPLETED.
THE CANDIDATE HAS BEEN SELECTED
AS ANDREW JACKSON.
HE HAS BEEN NAMED AS THE NEW
POLICE FOR THE CITY OF ANN
ARBOR.
AS OF RIGHT NOW THERE IS NO SET
START DATE.
WE'RE JUST WAITING FOR A FEW
THINGS TO BE FINALIZED AND SO
THAT INFORMATION WILL COME SOON
AND THERE ARE NO ADDITIONAL
CITY PERSONNEL REPORTER UPDATES
AT THIS TIME.
DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
?
PERFECT.
AND THEN AGAIN AS A FOLLOW UP
AFTER THIS MEETING,
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON AND
COMMISSIONER VILSACK, IF YOU
GUYS CAN SEND ME THE
INFORMATION COMMISSIONER
SOLOMON FOR YOUR REPORT AND
COMMISSIONER VILSACK FOR THE
DETAILS FOR THE RIDE, I WOULD
GREATLY APPRECIATE AUTHORITY IN
YOUR INBOX.
OH, YOU DENHA AHEAD OF TIME.
>> I LOVE IT.
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON, THANK
YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
KENNEDY AND THANK YOU FOR
ANNOUNCING THE POLICE CHIEF
CANDIDATE THAT HAS BEEN
SELECTED, MR. ANDRE ANDERSON.
I'M VERY EXCITED TO TO HAVE HIM
PART OF THE CITY AND THEN
ULTIMATELY EXCITED TO EXPLORE
THE OPPORTUNITY OF WHAT WE CAN
DO IS CODINE COLLABORATING WITH
THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR POLICE
DEPARTMENT GOING FORWARD.
SO YOU KNOW, PLEASE AS HE
CONTINUES TO I GUESS YOU GET
USED TO HIS JOB AND GET TO A
ROUTINE.
HOPEFULLY YOU IN THE COMING
MONTHS WE CAN, YOU KNOW, HAVE
HIM DO AN INTRODUCTION AND THE
PRESENTATION TO GO DOWN AND
TALK ABOUT, YOU KNOW, SOME
POSSIBLE COLLABORATIONS THAT IS
A PLAN.
>> SO ONCE HE STARTS AND HIS
STAFF ARE VERIFIED, I WILL THEN
REACH OUT TO SEE WHEN HE IS
AVAILABLE TO COME TO ONE OF OUR
COMMISSION MEETINGS.
>> AWESOME.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, KENNEDY.
>> ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE'RE GOING TO MOVE DOWN
TO THE CHAIR REPORT ALL I
REALLY HAVE TODAY ARE A COUPLE
OF THINGS.
SO THE FIRST THING IS, YOU
KNOW, ANN ARBOR IS CELEBRA OUR
BICENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY THIS
YEAR AND OF COURSE I DID SEND
OUT INFORMATION FOR THE
BICENTENNIAL CELEBRATION THAT'S
GOING ON THIS FRIDAY.
SO HOPEFULLY ALL OF YOU CAN
MAKE IT DOWN TO THE MICHIGAN
THEATER FOR THAT CELEBRATION.
IF NOT, I'LL DEFINITELY BE
THERE AND I KNOW ALL OF YOU
WILL BE WITH ME IN SPIRIT FOR
SURE.
BUT DEFINITELY HOPE THAT WE CAN
ALL TAKE TIME TO REFLECT THIS
YEAR AS THE BICENTENNIAL
FESTIVITIES GET UNDERWAY AND
DEFINITELY BE PROUD OF THAT.
YOU KNOW, THERE'S A LOT
OF GREAT THINGS THAT HAVE GONE
ON IN OUR HISTORY TWO HUNDRED
YEAR HISTORY AND ALL OF YOU
HAVE HELPED CONTRIBUTE TO THAT
AND SO HOPEFULLY WE CAN ALL BE
A PART OF SOME GREAT ACTIVITIES
GOING FORWARD WITH THAT I
WANTED TO BUT FIRST I WANTED TO
ASK LORI AT THIS TIME LORI, IF
YOU DON'T MIND JUMPING OFF I
WANTED TO TALK ABOUT JUST YOUR
POSSIBILITY OF JOINING THE
COMMISSION ON SOME OTHER SOME
OF THE THINGS.
BUT I WANTED TO ASK WHERE DO
YOU HAVE ANY OTHER COMMENTS OR
SUGGESTIONS FOR US?
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR JOINING
US UP TO THIS POINT.
AND YOU KNOW, WE HOPE THAT YOU
KNOW, YOU ENJOYED YOUR TIME
OBSERVING NO ADDITIONAL
COMMENTS.
>> JUST THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME
.
WONDERFUL.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> ALL RIGHT, FOLKS.
WITH THAT I WANTED TO JUST OPEN
UP TO THE FLOOR TO THE
COMMISSION TO VOTE LORI UNDER
THE COMMISSION I DIDN'T KNOW IF
ANYBODY HAD ANY ADDITIONAL
QUESTIONS.
I KNOW THAT SHE GOT A CHANCE TO
KIND OF INTRODUCE HERSELF THE
RECRUITMENT COMMITTEE, LARRY
MYSELF KENNEDY WE WE WERE A
PART OF THAT INTERVIEW PROCESS
AND SO I'LL START WITH MY
FEEDBACK.
I THINK SHE'S VERY, VERY
QUALIFIED.
I THINK THAT SHE OFFERS A GREAT
PERSPECTIVE TO OUR COMMISSION
THAT I THINK CAN BE VERY
VALUABLE, ESPECIALLY UNDER
STANDING THE IMPORTANCE
OF DISABILITY.
BUT THEN ALSO FIRST HAND BEING
A CAREGIVER AND UNDERSTANDING
HOW IMPORTANT, YOU KNOW,
PLANNING FOR THE FUTURE IS AS
WELL AS THE NOW AND MAKING SURE
THAT OUR CITY IS ACCESSIBLE AND
EQUITABLE.
SO NOT ONLY THAT, BUT SHE IS
VERY, VERY WELL SPOKEN AND VERY
PASSIONATE ABOUT DISABILITY AND
YOU KNOW, I APPRECIATE THAT YOU
KNOW, I APPRECIATE THAT ABOUT
HER VERY MUCH AT THIS POINT.
I WANT TO ANSWER I OFFER IT TO
KENNEDY AND VICE CHAIRMAN
KEELER IF THEY HAVE ANY
ADDITIONAL COMMENTS BEFORE
BEFORE I OPEN IT TO THE FULL
COMMISSION
.
>> MY COMMENT IS WE INTERVIEWED
I THINK I THINK SHE PASSED OUR
INTERVIEW SCRUTINY ANYWAY AND I
THINK SHE'D BE A GOOD FIT BUT
NOT WITH LARRY INSEC.
>> I AGREE AS WELL.
OK, COMMISSION QUESTIONS
COMMENTS FOR ME KATHLEEN.
WHAT I'LL DO IS PLEASE RAISE
YOUR HAND IF YOU'D LIKE TO GIVE
IT YOUR FEEDBACK, OUR INPUT AND
THEN I WILL CALL ON YOU FROM
SEEING THE HANDS RAISED IN THE
CHAT.
COMMISSIONER BOZAK THANK YOU.
I JUST WANTED TO SEE THAT I WAS
VERY IMPRESSED WITH HER
BACKGROUND AND I CAN'T HELP BUT
OBSERVE THAT HER WORK AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN IN THE
HEALTH CARE AREA IN TERMS
OF THE WAY SHE SERVES ON A
COMMITTEE THAT IS INVOLVED IN
DISABILITY ISSUES.
WHAT IS IMPORTANT TO ME OR WHAT
I'M NOTING IN THAT IS
HISTORICALLY IT'S NOT JUST IN
ANN ARBOR ISSUE.
IT'S A WORLDWIDE ISSUE WHERE
DISABILITY COMMUNITIES BECOME
SILOED.
YOU KNOW, EVERYBODY'S DOING
GREAT WORK SOMETIMES WE DON'T
ALWAYS GET A CHANCE TO KNOW
ABOUT EACH OTHER'S WORK OR TO
ENGAGE WITH WITH EACH OTHER AND
SO I THINK THAT THAT'S GOING TO
BRING A STRONG COMPONENT TO OUR
COMMISSION TO BE ABLE TO HAVE
THAT THAT GAP CLOSED A LITTLE
BIT.
SO I AM VERY HIGHLY EXCITED TO
TO TAKE A VOTE ON THIS ON HER
ALSO ANY OTHER ADDITIONAL
COMMENTS ON LORI BEWES AND HER
QUALIFICATIONS AT THIS TIME?
JUST WANT TO GET JUST WANT TO
MAKE SURE EVERYONE'S HAD AN
OPPORTUNITY TO GIVE ANY
FEEDBACK OR QUESTIONS.
MR. CHAMBERS?
>> YEAH, I AGREE WITH
EVERYTHING I SAID.
I THINK THAT SHE SEEMS LIKE A
REALLY GREAT CANDIDATE.
I JUST WANTED TO ADD I THINK
THAT ANOTHER ASPECT OF HER
EXPERIENCE THAT I THINK WOULD
BE REALLY IMPORTANT FOR THE
COMMISSION IS JUST HER
INVOLVEMENT WITH THE UNIVERSITY
RELATING TO DISABILITY ISSUES.
>> THIS IS A SPACE I THINK THAT
IS VERY SIGNIFICANT TO ANN
ARBOR AND I THINK ALSO HAS A
LONG WAY TO GO AS A WHOLE IN
TERMS OF ACCESSIBILITY AND I
THINK THAT SHE COULD PROVIDE A
REALLY IMPORTANT PERSPECTIVE
BEING A PERSON WHO'S CURRENTLY
KIND OF WORKING ON THAT ISSUE
IN THIS ACADEMIC CONTEXT.
ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER
CHAMBERS.
I DO APPRECIATE THAT.
AND BY THE WAY, BEFORE WE EAT
BEFORE WE OPEN IT UP TO A VOTE,
YOU KNOW, I JUST ENCOURAGE ANY
OF YOUR GEAR.
YOU KNOW, IF YOU FEEL SO
INCLINED AND WOULD LIKE TO BE
INVOLVED IN THE INTERVIEW
PROCESS, PLEASE LET LET MYSELF
OR KENNEDY KNOW AND WE CAN
INCLUDE YOU LIKE ON THAT
PROCESS AND WHEN WE SET UP THE
INTERVIEWS AND WHEN WE'RE
ORGANIZED SO THAT GO AHEAD
LARRY.
I JUST SAID ONLY YOU LET ME
KNOW TOO AND I'VE LET YOU GUYS
KNOW SO.
>> ALL RIGHT.
PARDON ME, LARRY, SINCE YOU ARE
THE RECRUITMENT CHAIR.
YES.
PLEASE PLEASE LET LARRY KNOW
AND LARRY CONTINUE TO KEEP TO
MYSELF AND OR TED KENNEDY.
>> THANK YOU, LARRY.
ABSOLUTELY.
YES.
LARRY IS IN CHARGE EVERYONE
LARRY IS IN FACT PARDON ME I
DIDN'T MEAN TO STEP ON YOUR
TOES THERE, LARRY.
>> I'M SORRY.
OK, I JUST PUT MYSELF IN THERE
IF I CAN CONTACT YOU GUYS
TECHNIQUE WELL WORKING TOGETHER
THAT'S RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, FOLKS.
WELL, IF IF IF WE'RE GOOD I'D
LOVE TO I'D LOVE TO OPEN IT UP
TO A VOTE FOR CANDIDATE LORI
BEWES TO HAVE A SEAT ON OUR
COMMISSION SO AT THIS TIME, YOU
KNOW, IF YOU VOTE YAY OR NAY
PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY
EMOTION
HAS TO BE MADE FIRST.
OH YES, I'M SORRY I IS THERE
EMOTION TO VOTE FOR CANDIDATE
LORI BEWES FOR THE COMMISSION?
>> I WILL I WILL MOVE I WILL
MOVE THAT WE OPEN THE PROCESS
TO VOTE FOR COMMISSIONER BEWES
OF FEDERAL COMMISSIONER USED TO
BE SAID TO THE NEXT LEVEL.
>> YES, ABSOLUTELY.
OH SECOND OK, WHO IS THE SECOND
WAS ROSALITA COMMISSIONER THANK
YOU.
>> AT THE HOTEL KOZU.
THANK YOU GUYS.
I'M SORRY THE REASON MY CAMERA
IS UP I'VE AND HAVING AN
UNSTABLE CONNECTION TO SO THANK
YOU.
OK SO SO ALL IN FAVOR
OF WELCOMING OR PUTTING THROUGH
CANDIDATE LAURIE BEWES THROUGH
TO THE NEXT LEVEL FOR OUR
COMMISSION PLEASE UNMUTED SAY
AY AY AY AY AY AY OK THANK YOU.
AND KENNEDY IF YOU COULD YOU
KNOW LET LET EVERYONE KNOW THAT
WOULD BE GREAT.
>> SO I WILL CONTACT LAURIE AND
LET HER KNOW THAT HER
APPLICATION WILL BE SENT TO THE
MAYOR AND THEN FROM THERE WE
WILL BE NOTIFIED IF THE MAYOR
APPROVES OF HER APPLICATION TO
THEN GO FORWARD TO CITY COUNCIL
.
SO I WILL LET LAURIE KNOW AND
YEAH THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR THE
VOTE.
>> ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL THAT IS ALL WE NEED NOW AT
THIS TIME.
UH, FOR THE CHAIR REPORT NOW
COUNCIL MEMBER EDWIN COULD NOT
JOIN US THIS EVENING
BECAUSE
SHE'S ACTUALLY GOING TO BE
PRESENTING AT THE BYZANTINE
CELEBRATION WHICH I BELIEVE
THEY HAVE A REHEARSAL SO
COUNCIL MEMBER, I KNOW YOU'RE
NOT WITH US BUT BREAK A LEG AND
I'M SURE IT'S GOING TO BE AN
OUTSTANDING EVENT AND
PRESENTATION BY YOU ON FRIDAY
NEXT.
UH, DO WE HAVE ANY OLD
BUSINESS?
WE HAVE NO OLD BUSINESS AND WE
HAVE NO NEW BUSINESS.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
UH, ANY OTHER YEAH.
GO AHEAD, LARRY.
OH, I JUST SAID AS OF YET WE
HAVE NO NEW BUSINESS SO IF
ANYBODY PROPOSES ANY WE
PROBABLY SHOULD GIVE THAT
OPPORTUNITY TO PROPOSE NEW
BUSINESS.
>> ARE THERE ANY NEW BUSINESS
FROM THE COMMISSION IF NOT, WE
WILL MOVE TO COMMUNICATION.
>> IS THERE ANY COMMUNICATION
FROM THE COMMISSION?
THANK YOU ALREADY NEXT WOULD BE
THE ADJOURNMENT.
I'LL LEAVE THAT TO YOU ZACH.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU KENNEDY.
YES, I'D LIKE TO MAKE A MOTION
TO ADJOURN AT FIVE 00 PM
JANUARY SEVEN.
I WOULD IT ALL RIGHT, KATHLEEN
SECONDS ALL IN FAVOR
OF ADJOURNING TODAY JANUARY
17TH AT 5:00 OR 2:00 P.M. SO
PLEASE SAY I I I I I HAVE I
NEED THANKS LARRY.
YEAH.
I APPRECIATE IT EVERYONE SO
MUCH FOR YOUR COMMITMENT AND
YOUR FEEDBACK.
THANK SO MUCH TO ALL OF YOU FOR
YOUR COMMITMENT.
THANK YOU TO SEATON AND THE
CITY OF ANN ARBOR AND WE'LL SEE
YOU NEXT ON.
>> THANK YOU.
RECORDING STOPPED